# mlchallenge

Before I outline how the code works, I would like to note two things:
1) I mannualy took the purchase data out of both files. I couldn't figure a way of importing this json purchase data without getting errors in python. This definitely isn't the best way of doing it, but it was the fastest for me.
2) Even though I wasn't aware of the bug, I think that this code may have worked well because I've runned it with the first target file. As I got a good score with this code, I didn't move to a classic ai library.

I used two codes for reaching the result First, I runned the creatingDatabaseProduct. Its main idea is to estimate which gender is more likely to buy a product. There are three functions on it.
First function returnGender() runs through all objects on the data file. While running through these objects, it creates a dict called values. This dict has the products as keys, and the gender of all users that had visited this product's page as the attribute. Then, the function defineGender is called receiving 'values' as argument. This function runs through all keys (products) of values and defines if more M or F visited this product's page. This will define which gender is more likely to look for a product. At the end, this function will return a list called gender linking all products to a gender. Last function saveTrainedData is only for saving this list as a csv file.

Following that, it's time to run test. First function returnProductId is called using the file target as argument. This function will create a dict 'values', where all usersId are keys and their attributes are the products that they had visited. Next, the function returnGender will read the file created on previous code defining a list 'genderProduct'. After that, the function testGender is called receiving 'values' and 'genderProduct' as arguments. Here, the code goes through all userIds of 'values' switching the productIds for the gender estimated on previous code. This function will return a dict 'uidgender' with userIds as keys and as many gender estimations as products this user had visited. Now, 'uidgender' will be used as argument of defineGender. This function will count if each user (running through all keys) had visited more products linked to M or F making the final estimation for this user creating a list linking all users to a gender. At the end, the function saveResult will save this result to a csv file.
